# **Reflections**

## Problem-Solving
When I first started this project, I knew from the start that I will end up with quite a number of content, be it text or multimedia. This is also confirmed when I did some research into my topic. Even so, I decided to challenge myself to limit my webpages to a minimum of 2 to 3 as I do not want my learners to be overwhelmed by the sheer number of links they have to navigate. I also need to present the information in a manageable scale so my learners will not experience cognitive overload. I used Bootstrap to help me build my content as I have used it on a previous assignment and want to explore its capabilities further, and I think that it is very good in creating the minimalistic layout and look that I was looking for. After a long brainstorming process, I found that utilizing the functionalities of Bootstrap’s sliding carousel and pop-up modal boxes help to keep my website information and navigation more streamlined. This way I can keep all necessary information in a single space. However, I did experience difficulties in getting embedded multimedia content like videos and audio files to display correctly and play properly in modal boxes. Fortunately, my partner has solved that problem for his website and he happily shared his code in his peer review feedbacks. Another problem was getting the multimedia and text information in my carousel slides to display side-by-side correctly. Solving this problem involved long hours of reading tutorials and tinkering with the HTML and CSS code but I finally managed to get it to work the way I envisioned.

## Future Project Ideas
I really want to extend this midterm project for my final one. I believe that my website has the potential to be a valuable orchestra education learning resource. If I focus in developing my Javascript code, I can make my website to have more user-friendly navigation and to use more interactive multimedia assessments. I will also add more multimedia content for each instrument to better engage learners and keep them motivated to learn. This content will include pictures of parts of the instrument, how-to-play videos, and audio of short musical pieces, etc. While my website does not specifically teach how to play each instrument, I think if learners are interested enough, they will want to explore that option. Therefore, I will add resources on playing instrument lessons. I will also discuss the role of the conductor. Even though a conductor cannot be categorized as an instrument, the role is still very important for the cohesiveness and harmony of the whole orchestra. It was a little disappointing in my research to find that many orchestra websites do not explore the conductor in enough depth. Lastly, I will also challenge myself to make my website truly responsive across mobile devices as I want my learners to be able to easily access it anywhere and anytime they want.
